{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 rugosity.py\
rugosity_helper.3dm\
\
Rhino Python script for computing linear rugosty on of curves of arbitrary length. A user can run the script from Rhino with the command ``RunPythonScript." The script will then ask them to select the curves for which they wish to know the rugosity. The script runs with a default chain link length of 2 cm, although comments in the script point the user to where to change this variable. \
\
ASSUMPTIONS: \
*Script assumes model units are meters. \
*Script assumes curve(s) are parallel to the X-axis. The user should rotate the curve parallel to the X-axis (using Rhino \'93Rotate\'94 command) if it\'92s not already. \
\
Values of rugosity will print in the Rhino command screen. They can be copied from here into a spreadsheet.\
\
rugosity_helper.3dm can be used to create curves following the topography of a mesh surface by copying-and-pasting the shape in rugosity_helper.3dm into the file with your mesh surface. The shape in rugosity_helper.3dm should then be positioned such that it intersects with the mesh surface. The user can then use \'93MeshIntersect\'94 to find the intersection lines between the planes of rugosity_helper.3dm and their surface. \
\
See more information in PLOS ONE paper. \
\
Contact: G. C. Young <www.graceunderthesea.com>. \
}